Come on, we're at Pondolem.
Let's go, Pondolem.
Be careful, Peter.
Where is Pondolem police station,
the new one?
-Are you a police officer?
-Yes.
Here it is.
Right in front of us.
-It was inaugurated just last week.
-I see.
The faded one right next to it
is the old police station.
Okay, thanks.
Police officers have breakfast here.
Some of them eat breakfast,
lunch and dinner right here.
-I see.
-Come over after duty hours.
I'll serve you chilled beer
and fried fish.
Let's see.
Excuse me.
-Who is the senior PI?
-Who are you?
Satish Naik.
I have been transferred here.
Sir, do come in. You're welcome.
Have a seat.
Sir will be here, soon.
Listen.
-Isn't that Vijay Salgaonkar?
-Yes, sir. That's him.
He seems to be pretty
straight forward.
But appearances can be deceptive, sir.
-What do you mean?
-I mean, what he has done...
is still pretty unbelievable.
Hey, get him!
Go!
-That was an awesome chase, sir!
-Awesome?
They've edited it with fast cuts
and taken the audience for a ride.
On top of that,
the music is pounding away!
So that it seems as if a lot is going on,
but nothing is really happening.
You need to feel the tension. Feel it!
Mr. Vijay, I have an idea.
You should make a movie.
Then the world will see that you...
-I'll show it to you, first.
-No, Mr. Vijay! Sorry, sir!
-Are you done with the collections?
-Yes, I'm done. Here, look.
As always,
Inspector Gaitonde cribbed a bit.
And Uncle Pinto's TV is flickering.
That's a problem with his TV.
It's not a cable issue.
-Tell him to buy a new one.
-You bet, I did!
-Then?
-Rascal.
-That's what he called you.
-And you let him abuse me?
No, I didn't! I told him.
I said, if you want to abuse Mr. Vijay,
say something logical.
You can call him uneducated,
illiterate, 4th grade dropout
call him an orphan. But...
Am I right?
-All right, then!
-Listen to me.
You're right. I'll give you a bonus.
Mr. Vijay, no! Sir, no!
-He's waiting for SI Gaitonde.
-Why?
He locked up his only son in prison.
What did he do?
Nothing, he took a loan
from a private finance company.
He used to pay
all the installments on time.
He just wasn't able to pay
the final installment.
Mr. Gaitonde took my son away
two days ago.
Now, the finance company is also saying...
that the installment has to be paid
with interest first.
That's when they'll let my son go.
Why is Gaitonde taking
such an interest in this?
Because his cousin runs
the finance company.
-So, did you complain to Mr. Prabhu?
-Mr. Gaitonde told me...
if I complain to anyone at all...
then, he will kill my son.
-Anyway, what's the point of complaining?
-File a lawsuit in the court then.
On whom?
His son wasn't locked up
by the finance company,
Gaitonde did that.
There is only one way
to get your brother out.
-What's that?
-Habeas corpus.
I'll tell you what to do. Habeas corpus.
-What? Hibbus...
-Habeas corpus. It's a legal term.
-How will that help?
-His son will get released, because...
This is not an ordinary case.
This is a case involving habeas corpus.
And if they tell the court
that someone has locked up
his son illegally...
Then the court will order the police to...
present the man in the court at once.
Then Gaitonde, or the senior PI or IG,
can't ignore the court's order.
The police won't present him in the court.
Because Gaitonde locked him up illegally.
Why don't you do this?
I know a lawyer in Panaji.
Shirish Kamath, I'll give you his number.
Tell him this is a matter
concerning habeas corpus.
I'll speak to him, too.
Speak of the devil
and the devil appears!
-He's coming this way.
-You have to get out of here!
Leave, by the back door!
Hey, Martin!
Did an old couple come in here?
-Not at all.
-Where the heck did they go?
What do you think?
Are you the only one who can act?
Today I have managed to act, somehow.
I love you, Dad.
Come on and wipe your tears, Dad.
Here's the handkerchief.
Wipe your tears!
You now carry a handkerchief
in your pocket?
Sumi, I don't have to worry
about anything!
-Your son is very responsible, now.
-Mr. Vijay. Mr. Vijay!
Can I go home? It's really late.
Yes, yes.
Yes, I'll do that. Right away!
It seems you received quite a drubbing.
What is it?
Actually, it's Aunt Saldanha.
The amplifier near her place
is not working. So I am...
You just changed that three days ago.
I forgot about that.
-That's nice, you deserve the drubbing.
-I'm going there, at once.
What else did you forget?
Hello, I...
Yes, done.
Mr. Shirodkar, who is 75 years old,
has a request.
Screen a nice, adult movie, today.
But, wasn't he paralyzed?
Come on, Mr. Vijay.
His left side is paralyzed.
Whereas Shirodkar is right handed.
-Get lost! Scat!
-No, I'm going.
We can't lose, Dad.
We have to win.
I love you, Dad.
My son.
-How are the studies coming along?
-Fine.
-Where is Mom?
-In the kitchen.
Where are the keys to the vault?
Tell me the truth!
Which vault? I really don't know.
Let me go, please.
Who knows if you don't?
-Vijay...
-Who is Vijay?
The man who is threatening me
with a carrot.
It seems he hasn't even bathed yet.
You're reeking of sweat.
I'd bathe if you heat the water.
Check in the bathroom. It's already there.
-You come, too.
-Get away, naughty!
Go!
So, where is Miss India?
She's probably rehearsing
how her cat walks in front of the mirror.
-Anu!
-I'll be right there, Mom.
I called you last night,
but I couldn't get through.
-Did the phone die on you again?
-Yes.
Why don't you buy a cell phone?
What's the use?
That place is out of range.
Really? So, how does Jose get
the range on his mobile?
It's not like that, you want
an excuse to be away from us.
The three of us stay here alone
and you are...
One moment.
Since there are three of you,
you're not alone.
Don't crack silly jokes.
You'd rather sit in office
and watch movies than come home.
You don't have any sense
of responsibility towards us.
You should consider us, at least.
Okay, fine. What do you want?
My darling wife, speak up.
We want to go to Panaji.
-Why?
-For shopping.
We just went shopping six months ago.
Yes, we did.
You bought the cheapest clothes
to save money.
Their colors have faded,
within six months.
So, this time, let's shop here,
instead of going to Panaji.
No, we want to go to Panaji.
We don't just want to go shopping.
We also want to watch a movie.
And we want to eat a pizza, too.
-And ice cream?
-Yes, ice cream, too!
People do all sorts of things
for their family!
What do you do?
-You can't even buy us an ice cream!
-Don't be so absurd!
You can buy ice cream at Martin's, too!
-What's so special about Panaji?
-You're denying our wishes, correct?
Majority wins and you're still saying no!
-We shall see.
-I didn't say no.
I just asked.
-Does that mean we're going to Panaji?
-Yes.
-Are you sure?
-This Sunday we are going to Panaji.
Happy?
There's a nature camp next week.
Two students from each school in Goa
are selected.
And I've been selected from my school.
-That's really nice.
-Yes, but...
-I've told her, she can't go.
-Why?
She should go for a nature camp.
Nandini, real knowledge is not only found
in books.
You have to visit new places for that.
You have to meet different people.
You have to experience new things.
In that case, why don't you pay the fees?
-The fees?
-Around 1800 rupees.
Real knowledge is only found in books.
What? You just said yes!
You can't go back on your word!
Please, let me do this. Please, papa.
-Okay, fine.
-Thank you!
Mr. Vijay, it's been so long.
-How are you, Rajesh?
-Fine.
-How is the social work going on?
-Well...
There's more politics
than social work involved.
Right, our group has established
a political party.
-I'm working on that.
-What's that in your hand?
There is a stone quarry
about 15 km away in Paavelim.
I mean, it was there earlier.
We shut it down
after protesting against it.
-Why?
-The project is not eco-friendly.
There is a lake right
in the middle of the quarry.
Have a look.
All right, I've got to leave.
-See you.
-Bye, Sis!
So, as I was saying,
the girls are growing up.
They are smart, too.
They should get into a good school.
-For example...
-St. Thomas.
Yes, St. Thomas.
I've heard very good things
about that school.
From whom? From Nandini, right?
-Yes, I told her. So what?
-I knew it.
Only you can come up
with such an uneducated idea.
Who are you calling uneducated?
I'm more educated than you.
Right, you've got a doctorate.
I admit, I only studied
till the tenth grade.
But at least, I cleared the exams!
I didn't fail in the fourth grade,
like you did.
That's where you're wrong.
Clearing papers doesn't teach you
everything.
-What?
-You bet!
Once it took me four whole hours
to explain to her
Sonu Nigam's brother isn't called
Telephone Nigam.
She just wouldn't believe me.
Just keep quiet! You always--
Listen, please don't get
into another fight the both of you!
You don't need to go to St. Thomas
to know all that.
At least, don't scrimp
when it comes to education.
I'm not scrimping.
I'm being sensible.
It's not necessary everything
that is expensive is good.
Besides, who really wish to study,
the can at any school and make it big.
Am I right, Father-in-law?
Yes, my son. You're absolutely right.
Get it moving, quickly.
-Hello, Rane!
-Hello, Uncle Martin! How are you?
-Okay.
-What brings you here?
-So, the work has begun.
-Yes, it'll be done soon.
Are you done with the collections?
Yes, you bet!
What about D'costa
and Bandodkar's complaints?
Yes, I'm on my way there.
-Then, leave!
-Of course, I'll go.
-I really want you to leave!
-Yes.
Let me finish my special tea.
-Where is it?
-Here...
Hey, Peter! Where is my special tea?
-You!
-No! Behind you, sir! I'm leaving!
-Hey!
-Crazy!
-Is he crazy?
-What's the matter, Vijay?
He's getting too smart for his own good.
Forget about it. He's a kid.
Listen, Mr. Rane,
this is Mr. Vijay Salgaonkar.
-He owns Mirage Cable.
-Really? That's nice.
This is contractor Rane.
He is working on the construction
of the police station.
Okay, do come in.
-After you.
-Sit down.
Uncle Martin said you need
to get some odd jobs done.
-I have a...
-Hey, Martin!
I asked you if that old couple came over
the other day.
You said no! You think I am some...?
I know they came here.
Some smart chap taught them
a few legal lessons.
What the heck!
What are you saying?
I don't remember anything.
Really? So, your memory is failing.
Or are you trying to protect
that wise guy?
Listen, I'm an old man.
Right, old man.
So, Vijay. Do you remember the old couple?
Which old couple?
-Peter, what's on the menu today?
-The usual.
What is this, Uncle?
You should have a today's special!
I'm fed up of eating
the same food every day.
-I am bored, too.
-See?
But normally my customers pay
for their meals later.
Some of them even eat free of cost.
Right.
For example, Vijay.
I don't pay for my meals later.
I clear my bills every week.
So, that means you're taunting me, Uncle.
-No! Just talking in general.
-No, let's settle your account today.
Why do you keep going on and on
about money?
What will you do with all that money?
I'll put a today's special on the menu.
Really? How much do I owe you?
-Forget about it, sir.
-Take it, Uncle.
When a cop offers to pay,
you should take it at once.
Just keep your nose out of this.
Cheeky fellow! We're having it out here.
So, how much do I owe you?
Don't feel shy, tell me.
About 3542 rupees.
You remember that number really well,
but you don't remember that old couple!
-I write my accounts down, you see.
-Okay, fine.
Then 3542 rupees. That's it?
Cheapskate, 3600 rupees.
Let's make it a round figure.
I'm going to settle it right away.
Uncle, let's just assume...
you've paid me 3600 rupees
as commission.
What's the commission for?
Don't you see that right in front?
The new police station
is being constructed.
So, all the workers come here to eat food.
Why? Thanks to me.
Look at that!
Contractor Rane is sitting here, too.
What's up, Rane?
I have given you so many customers...
so, I should get paid a commission
for that, Uncle.
These days, at our police station,
we are observing
'the police is your friend' week.
The police really know how to eat well.
At least, work out a bit.
What's your problem?
There is no other hotel around here,
except this one.
That's why the construction workers
come here to eat.
You're not needed for that.
I am a cop.
I can stop them from coming here.
Peter, get Mr. Sawant some coffee.
Vijay, how are you doing?
We were working out a deal.
-We just settled on the commission.
-What's the commission for?
For the meals of the construction workers
at the new police station.
Who is taking a commission?
-Mr. Sawant, coffee.
-Yes.
Mr. Sawant, I know
I should not be saying this.
What's the meaning of the friendly week?
It's the duty of the police to be friendly
and help the public.
Then, why is it being done for a week
in the whole year?
You're right, Vijay.
But, while the people are scared
to file complaints, it's impossible.
That's why we're doing all this.
It will sort itself out gradually.
But all police officers aren't like you.
Some are big, black bed bugs...
who can only feed off
other people's blood.
-What are you doing?
-I'm digging a pit for the compost.
You know what?
Compost and speed post are
two different things.
I know what compost means.
If you bury dry leaves and organic garbage
for six months,
it turns into fertilizer.
I learnt that in school.
I just came to tell you
that next weekend
on 2nd and 3rd October,
Swami Chinmayanand is holding
a sermon in Panaji.
-So?
-We should go!
-It's been a year since we heard him.
-You go ahead.
-Either we go together or nobody does.
-Mom!
-I won't spare you! Mom can't save you.
-Come here.
-No! Mom!
-Come here!
-Anju.
We spent so much to send you
on a nature camp.
You didn't tell us about it.
It was great fun!
There were students from 40 schools.
We went sightseeing, had a bonfire,
we sang songs.
And we had a lot of fun.
There were kids from VIP families, too.
One of them was called Sam.
He used to keep shooting videos of girls
with his phone.
-Did he shoot you, too?
-Yes.
Why didn't you complain?
Later, an advocate's daughter scolded him.
Then, he stopped it.
Which school was he from?
-Is this an old construction?
-Yes.
No wonder the foundation has crumbled.
Don't worry, it will get done.
It'll be just a working day.
-Do it whenever you have time.
-Okay.
The slab laying work at the police station
is done.
I have to start the flooring from Monday.
So, once that's done,
we'll get this done. Okay?
Okay, thank you.
Just let me know about the money.
I'd have taken the money
from any other guy.
Mr. Rane, I'm sorry.
I have taken your money.
I will pay it back gradually.
Just give me a few days.
What the heck, Rane?
You think, you're too smart!
Did you get taken in
by some uneducated fool?
Do you think you'll be safe
if you complain to Mr. Prabhu about me?
The money I have taken from you,
included his cut, too.
Do you get that?
He complained about me!
If you do that again,
I'll make sure you pack up!
Who are you threatening?
I know Mr. Prabhu really well.
-He isn't like you.
-Why are you asking me?
I don't have to ask, we all know you.
Listen, Vijay.
I've had enough of your sass.
-Just zip it.
-Why should I?
Everyone knows you feed off more
on money, than you eat food.
-What the heck...?
-Hey, Gaitonde! Stop!
Okay, let me go!
I won't spare you, Vijay.
We will settle up later.
I'll have my day.
Every dog has his day.
He came so defiantly,
but he's leaving like a mouse!
Vijay, don't get into trouble over me.
I will do the job and leave.
He's going to harass you later
for no reason.
Vijay, Gaitonde is a cop.
-He has power. Don't mess with him.
-I didn't mess with him. And I didn't lie.
Why are we so scared of cops?
They are meant to serve us
and not the opposite.
Very good.
Four hundred fifty-one.
Four hundred fifty-two.
Jose?
I've got a headache.
I'm going home, understood?
He doesn't understand a thing.
If it's Sunny Leone,
you're bound to get a headache.
Dr. Joshi...
Rascal, he understands everything.
Sometimes, I wonder.
Okay, who made you wonder today?
-Let's go in, I'll tell you.
-No, tell me or I won't let you in.
-Come on, you can't do that.
-Tell me.
Sunny Leone, right?
Jism 2 or Jackpot?
Jackpot.
You're now a dad,
but you still act like a kid.
I'm not a kid. I'm young!
Dad, did you come home last night?
-Yes, dear.
-Why?
Anu, don't ask nosy questions.
Why? Dad comes home very rarely,
so I asked.
Don't ask too many questions.
Don't you have to go to school?
You're not even wearing your uniform yet.
Come on, Dad!
How could you forget?
-What?
-It's a holiday today.
Did the school declare that,
or did you do that?
Our daughters make excuses expertly.
It's Sunday tomorrow.
Why do you have a holiday today?
It's Gandhi Jayanti today.
So? Go and study.
No, Dad. I am going to play.
These kids...
Won't you bathe, today?
I don't want to.
So, who is going to work?
I don't know.
I ran out of stamina yesterday.
I mean, that...
my bike broke down on the way.
So, I had to push it home.
I got tired.
Anju?
I'll give you a list.
Get some things from the market.
Okay. Can I go in the evening, please?
All right, but don't forget.
Anju, do you remember me? It's Sam.
Yes, I do. But, what are you doing here?
Me? I came to meet you.
Me?
Why?
Finish it. Okay?
-See who is at the door.
-Okay.
Hi, Anju.
Don't worry,
I didn't show this video to anyone.
In fact, I'm thinking of deleting it.
You want that, too, right?
Great! Make my wish come true.
Tonight at 23:00, behind your house.
You'll meet me, right?
No! I won't come there.
I didn't show this video to anyone,
not even my friends.
I didn't forward it or think
of uploading it on the net.
But, just think about it.
What if I do all that?
What about your family's reputation?
Please, delete this video.
Why are you hassling me? Please!
I will do it. Tonight at 23:00.
Behind your house.
Alone, all right?
No, Sam!
What is it?
I've a slight headache.
Do you want some medicine?
No, I'll be fine
once I lie down for a bit.
Eat something. It's almost dinner time.
-Run!
-No!
Run!
-It seems a storm is coming.
-Hey, don't jinx it!
-I'm leaving.
-Got an umbrella?
Yes.
Anju, you shouldn't have done this.
I guess you aren't taking me seriously.
Sam, please! Don't harass me anymore.
-Please, delete the video.
-Should I delete it?
You cheated me.
Just you wait.
Why are you doing this?
We didn't harm you in any way.
I request you...
don't ruin her life.
It's no use now.
She was ruined the day I shot this video.
You've seen it today.
Soon everyone will watch it
on the Internet.
They'll know how she bathes.
I request you.
Please delete it.
I won't.
Don't you have any shame?
-Delete it.
-No.
-Please, delete it.
-I told you I won't do it.
I beg you. Please, delete it.
We'll be ruined, please!
All right.
I will delete the video.
But you must give me what I want.
What?
Anju?
Nandini!
Anju!
An--
Anju, what happened?
Nandini, what happened?
Why doesn't someone tell me?
I will delete the video.
But, you must give me...
what I want.
Or I will...
upload this video online.
Anju!
Anju, he's not breathing!
-What happened?
-Mom, I can't get through to Dad.
I guess the line is dead.
Let's go, come with me!
Anju, get the spade.
-What will we do now?
-I don't know.
I don't know
how I got the courage to bury him.
But I'm shaking all over now.
Did I make a mistake by burying him?
No.
You did the right thing.
If we had informed the police at once...
we wouldn't feel scared.
If we'd gone to the police,
Anju's life would be ruined.
I'm really scared.
Don't be scared.
I won't let anything happen to you.
See what I found in the outhouse.
-Did Sam have a car?
-Yes, he had a yellow car.
He must have parked it nearby.
Have you checked the outhouse properly?
-No.
Let's go.
Where did Sam fall when you hit him?
Right there.
What are you searching for?
Blood.
There's not a single drop of blood here.
When you hit him with the stick,
did you hit his head?
Perhaps it's an internal injury.
We have to clean the outhouse thoroughly.
Just a moment.
Trace it, quickly!
As soon as the SIM card is put in...
-Trace it fast.
-Trace the location of the SIM card.
-Find out where he's travelling.
-We are getting the signal.
It's really easy to trace his SIM now.
He's talking from the second floor.
Sir, if he speaks for five minutes,
we'll have the exact location.
The SIM card has been activated.
So, the exact location...
-Trace the SIM card.
-Sir, it's within a half kilometer radius.
I guess he threw the mobile away.
Sir, he's traveling via Rajasthan
to Haryana.
Don't leave the house until I get back.
Don't call anyone.
Keep the doors and windows locked.
It should appear as if no one is at home.
Where are you going?
I have to find the car
and take it somewhere else.
Get back soon.
-Anju...
-I didn't mean to kill Sam.
I was just trying to break his phone.
-But, he didn't let go...
-I know!
I don't want to go to prison, please.
Are you crazy?
I'm still alive.
I won't let you go to jail.
Nothing will happen to you.
Salvi, stop counting
and give all of that to me.
Is that all you've got?
Sir, isn't 500 rupees enough?
It's not for a driver's license.
This is for passport verification.
You want to go to London
to meet your son, right?
-How much for you?
-Sir, it's 55.
Do you think it's raining money?
55 it seems!
Here, that's 30.
Get going.
All right, then.
Get me a gift from London.
What the heck? Who is it?
-Isn't that Vijay Salgaonkar?
-It seems to be.
-When did he buy a car?
-Where does he live?
His garden is across the road.
Mom.
We'll be in big trouble because of me.
Don't say that.
We are with you.
You don't know whose son he was.
Whose son was he?
Listen, I wanted to tell you
on the next weekend
on the 2nd and 3rd of October,
Swami Chinmayanand is holding
a sermon at Panaji.
Come on now!
Hey, move it!
-Yes, sir?
-Can I buy a phone?
-A new one?
-No, a used phone.
Sure.
-Make sure the battery is fully charged.
-Sure.
Here you are, sir.
-How much for this?
-Ninety hundred rupees.
-Here you are.
-Could you put the SIM card in?
Here you are, sir.
-How do I reduce the volume?
-Here.
It's done, sir.
There is a stone quarry
about 15 km away in Paavelim.
I mean, it used to be there.
We got it shut down,
after protesting against it.
There is a lake right in the middle of it.
But the project is not eco-friendly.
It's you! I thought you'd taken a holiday.
-What happened today?
-Nothing much.
I collected the payments.
As always, Mrs. Pereira avoided
making the payment.
Okay, listen to me.
I am not here for 2 days.
I am going to Panaji for a sermon.
Sermons?
Nandini really wants to go.
We are leaving, tomorrow.
Take care of things.
Mr. Vijay...
Anything wrong?
-Not at all. Why?
-You just seem slightly 'off'. That's all.
Not at all!
But if I find out you've messed up,
-I'll rub you out!
-Now that's more like you.
Get lost.
Don't screen too many adult films.
Sure.
-Who is it?
-It's Vijay.
Don't cry, dear. I'm back.
Dad, don't ever leave me again.
-I won't.
-Vijay...
Sam was the son of the IG of Goa.
You're lying!
Tell me!
Patil!
Senior Inspector D'souza.
And Inspector Mohite.
These are the name
of the suspended officers.
Because of whom?
The court warned the police department.
They may set up an enquiry, too.
Because of whom?
The murderer in this case is roaming
scot free.
Because of whom?
Because both of you testified in court
the police forced you to make a statement.
Do you think
the police department is a joke...
and you can do anything you want?
I want you to give another statement.
This time make it the truth.
No, ma'am.
Ma'am, they will kill us.
They will kill you
and so you won't testify.
And so, both my officers will stay
under suspension.
Patil.
Did anyone see you
when you fetched them?
No, Madam. We were in civil clothes.
All right, then.
String them both up
with a noose around their necks.
Anchor them with a heavy stone
and toss them into the sea.
No one will know.
The corpses won't be found.
I won't waste my time on them.
No, ma'am!
Ma'am, we'll tell the truth!
Ma'am, they are innocent.
We will tell the truth.
Patil, when they come to testify
in the court,
bring in their families.
Okay, ma'am.
If they give a false testimony,
maim their families.
Why are you smiling?
-Aren't you tensed?
-About what?
-That boy...
-Which boy?
Who is Sam?
-The one who--
-Just a moment.
I don't know anyone called Sam.
And no boy entered this house.
From now on,
we are going to react just like that.
As if nothing happened.
Or the fear and tension may cause
problems for us.
I just realized that a while back.
Before I arrived home,
I went to the office.
Jose asked me if anything was wrong.
If Jose can figure out something is wrong
in a few moments,
then others can figure it out, too.
When I answered him as I normally do,
he was assured.
So, forget what happened.
Behave as if nothing has happened.
Everything is normal.
What did you do about the car?
I won't tell you stuff...
that you don't need to know about.
Don't even try to find out.
Pack your bags.
We leave tomorrow morning.
Where to?
We have to stay somewhere else
for two days.
It'll be a good change and help us relax.
If anyone asks you where we're going,
tell them...
we are going to attend
Swami Chinmayanand's sermon.
But that got over today.
-Hello!
-Hi, Mahesh.
-Are you going back or...
-Yes, I'll freshen up and go back.
Meera, did you speak to Sam?
I try to call since last night.
His phone is switched off.
You call him constantly
and bother him, Mahesh.
So, he must have switched it off
on purpose.
That's nice.
You're scolding me for all my trouble.
You've allowed him to take
too many liberties.
Mahesh, kids want freedom at this age.
We must give it to them.
Freedom? How much freedom does he want?
We have given him everything.
A phone, laptop, two credit cards, a car.
Why does he need all that?
Did you see last month's credit card bill?
60,000 rupees.
Yes, that's because he bought
a new laptop.
-And I've seen the receipt.
-Why does he need another laptop?
How does the receipt matter?
Did you see the laptop?
I haven't seen it.
Mahesh, stop doubting your son so much.
He'll run away forever someday.
I don't doubt him.
I worry about him, Meera.
You're pampered him
to such an extent that...
Sorry, I'm getting late.
If you speak to him,
tell him to come home. Okay?
Bye, Meera.
All right, tickets, please.
Mr. Salgaonkar!
Are you going on a trip with the family?
Did you buy a new bus?
-No, it's a used bus.
-It's nice.
Where are you off to?
We are going to attend
our spiritual guru's sermon at Panaji.
-Give me four tickets.
-What's wrong with you?
I can't let you pay for tickets on my bus.
Put it away.
All right, tickets, please!
What did I say to you?
-I know, but I can't seem to forget.
-You have to forget.
Our fear is the one last piece
of evidence of what happened.
We have to get rid of that as well,
and there's just one more thing.
Get a bill for everything you buy
from now on.
Groceries, vegetables, fruits, pencils...
Get bills for the most trivial things.
Let me speak to Kanvinde
from the cyber cell.
Ma'am, we followed Sam's network
from Goa, Hublidarbar, Chittadurg,
Bengaluru, to Tamil Nadu
and we lost trace in Kanchipuram.
After that, his phone was switched off.
He has friends in Bengaluru and Chennai.
Yes, perhaps, he went there.
But why did the phone get switched off
in Kanchipuram?
ACP Rego.
Ma'am, we just found the car here.
Who saw it first?
A few kids who were swimming here
found it.
How many days, do you reckon?
It's been about two weeks.
When the car was dumped, it was empty.
Don't let this get to the media.
The last call from Sam's mobile...
was made on 2nd October at 19:12.
The signal indicates
it was located in Pondolem.
His phone went out of coverage at 22:30.
The next morning,
his phone was switched on once again
at Panaji at 9:25.
After that, the phone went to Kanchipuram,
where it was switched off.
Ma'am, given the information
we have so far, I think...
we should confine
our investigation to Goa.
Sam spoke to someone
for the last time on 2nd October.
Get me the details for that number.
Send him in.
Ma'am, the account number
you gave us was accessed
at 10:00 on 2nd October
at a cash ATM in Panaji.
There is no transaction after that.
How much cash was withdrawn?
-Twenty thousand, sir.
-Twenty thousand?
-Why did he need so much money?
-Sir, there's more.
The phone which went out of range
on 2nd October
and the one which was switched on
the morning of 3rd October...
are two different phones.
The IMEI numbers are different.
Ma'am, possibly he withdrew cash
to buy a new cell phone.
I don't think so.
He bought a new cell phone
just two months ago.
I think our son is in big trouble.
Hey, you. What's this?
The Panchayat building tax.
I told you to pay that, right?
-When did I tell you?
-It was...
-Three weeks ago.
-Three weeks?
Sameer Deshmukh,
the only son of IG Meera Deshmukh.
He's been missing since three weeks.
According to the phone records,
he was in Pondolem on 2nd October.
This is the car, he drove in here.
This car was recovered from the lake
at Paavelim Stone Quarry.
But there is no sign of Sameer.
If you are facing a problem,
come to me and...
What's up, Digambar?
-How is your son now?
-He's fine, sir.
He will be discharged
within a day or two.
That's good.
-Give me 200 rupees.
-I don't have any money.
What do you mean?
The hospital isn't treating your son
free of charge.
-No--
-Come on, out with it.
-What's in that pocket?
-It's nothing.
Let's see it! Is that all?
Fifty rupees? Get going.
Martin, give me a packet of Pan Masala.
What? The Pan masala?
No tea for you today, Mr. Gaitonde?
No, I don't have time for tea.
I've been assigned to a major case.
What is it about?
A yellow Hyundai Getz car...
was recovered from the lake
in Paavelim stone quarry.
That's in Paavelim, right?
Why do you have to get involved?
It's true but, I can't help it.
The IG's office called, directly.
The car belongs to the son of the IG.
The IG will obviously employ
the entire police force to work.
Mr. Sawant and I are working
on this case together.
I'll leave now.
What do you care?
Mr. Sawant.
-What's wrong? Everything okay?
-Yes, of course.
Gaitonde, don't shoot your mouth off.
Don't drag Vijay into this
because you have issues with him.
I saw him getting into the car.
It's just--
That's not all.
A little while ago, I mentioned the car.
He was disturbed.
You'll see he is slightly apprehensive,
he will look back.
He's going to turn now.
So, now what?
You've lost it, Gaitonde.
Vijay Salgaonkar and the IG's son,
Sameer Deshmukh.
What's the connection?
Gaitonde and Vijay can't stand each other.
That's why Gaitonde is trying
to implicate Vijay.
Or he is mistaken.
Sir, on the 3rd of this month at 7:15,
I went to Subhash Salvi's place
for passport verification.
I saw Vijay Salgaonkar there.
I am absolutely sure.
Where were you on the afternoon
of the 2nd of this month?
We went for a sermon to Panaji.
-When did you get back?
-The next day, on a Sunday.
-At what time?
-In the evening.
-Where was the sermon held?
-In Panaji.
Where, in Panaji?
Patto...
-In Patto colony.
-Really? Was it in Patto colony?
The hermitage is there.
That's where the sermon was held.
Vijay, what's going on?
Will the police actually come here?
We don't know when they will come,
but they will certainly come over.
But you don't have to worry.
The police have no clues about Sam.
They don't have any evidence either.
But they will try to gather evidence.
So, they will cross question you.
Either they will ask nicely
or they will scare you.
Your mom and I may be beaten up
before you.
If they don't get the answers they want,
they'll let us go.
So, no matter what happens,
anything at all...
you can't change your statement
under any circumstances.
Just stick to your story.
Can you both do that?
Dad, will they beat you
and Mom up very badly?
Don't think about that.
When you are naughty,
I hit you too, right?
That's about it.
Don't be scared.
It's late. Go to bed.
Vijay, how are we going to prove
we weren't here on Saturday?
Someone must have seen you
at the office or at Martin's corner.
-Of course, they must have.
-Then what?
Nandini, what happened to us...
has left us with only two options.
Either we give in...
or we stand up and fight.
I don't think we've done anything wrong.
So, there's no way I'm going to give in.
We will fight.
Now this is a game.
We may win, or we may lose.
But, I can guarantee one thing.
No matter what happens,
you or the kids won't go to prison.
I can't say for sure,
that it was Vijay Salgaonkar.
Really?
You said it was Vijay.
No, when you asked is that Vijay,
I thought, it was probably him.
But, I can't say for sure
it was him.
Who did you see?
Sir, I couldn't see too clearly.
I can't tell if it was Vijay
or someone else.
When he mentioned Vijay,
I had a doubt.
Was that the car?
It was yellow, like this car.
But I can't say for sure.
Salvi, there must be something
-that you can be sure of!?
-Gaitonde!
You?
Sir, I didn't see the license number.
But it was yellow like this one.
There are many yellow cars, like this one.
Sir, a retired professor lives next door.
He has the same kind of yellow car.
Oh, then it could be that car.
What? You could say that for sure?
He thinks he's so intelligent!
Sir, a fax from the IG office.
Sir, Sameer Deshmukh went
on a school trip the last month.
Two students from Vidya Vikas Vidyalaya
were there, too.
I have their names and addresses.
One of them is Anju Salgaonkar.
Vijay Salgaonkar's daughter.
Adopted.
-Adopted?
-Yeah.
I didn't know that.
Yes, sir. When Vijay was 21 years old,
he found a baby near a garbage bin
on the road.
Someone had abandoned that little baby.
Vijay is an orphan himself.
That's why he took the child home.
Later he adopted her legally.
I always thought
Anju and Vijay were related by blood.
What is this, Gaitonde?
Shame on you for accusing
such a decent man.
Just because he adopted an orphan,
it doesn't mean he can't commit crimes.
We just found out
Sameer and Anju are connected in some way.
I think we should arrest Vijay,
slap him around a bit
and he'll spill the beans.
Don't let this information leak out
of this station.
-It's...
-It's 11:30.
Anju, the principal wants to see you.
The police have one last piece of evidence
to prove what happened.
Our fear.
So, forget what happened.
Try to behave normally.
The police don't know
what happened in this house.
They will question us
on the basis of circumstantial evidence.
We have to answer them without any fear.
They will fake things, too.
But, you knew Sam.
Don't ever refuse to accept that.
Just don't tell them anything
that happened in this house.
Are you Vijay Salgaonkar's daughter?
Yes, sir.
-Do you know this boy?
-Oh, that's Sam.
So, how do you know Sam?
I represented my school
at a nature camp last month.
That's when I got to know him.
Was it just an acquaintance or...
No, sir. Just an acquaintance.
Just like all the other students
at the camp.
There were thousands of students
at the camp,
how come you remember Sam's face?
Sam was quite famous at the camp.
-Why?
-He took pictures of girls at the camp.
He shot videos, too.
A lawyer's daughter complained about him.
Oh, I see.
Did Sam ever come to meet you
after the camp?
-No, sir.
-Why are you lying?
We were told he came to meet you!
Who told you that? Did Sam tell you?
Yes, he did.
Sam told us.
Sir, Sam is lying.
Did Sam come to meet you
on the 2nd of October at your place?
-To my place?
-Yes.
Not at all.
Besides, we weren't home
on the 2nd of October.
Where did you go?
Swami Chinmayanand was holding
a sermon at Panaji.
-We all attended it.
-Who all attended it?
Mom, Dad, my younger sister Anu and me.
-When did you get back?
-The next day, the 3rd.
Did the sermon last for two days?
Yes, but we attended it on the 2nd.
After that, we stayed in a hotel
and saw a movie the next day
before returning home.
I see.
Ma'am, show us
the attendance register, please.
Let's see, whether she came
to school on the second.
There was a holiday at school on the 2nd.
Gandhi Jayanti.
Right, and the 3rd was a Sunday.
That's why we planned it.
So, you mean you've never met Sam
after the camp.
No, sir.
Are you Vijay Salgaonkar's wife?
Yes.
Vijay! How come you are home at this time?
Anju's principal called Nandini
and informed her about your visit there.
She got scared and called me.
I went to the station
and found out you're here.
I rushed home.
-What has happened?
-We need to question you.
Come in, let's sit down.
Vijay, do you know this boy?
No, sir.
-What about you?
-No, sir.
Have you seen this car?
No, sir.
What about you?
Let me be frank, here.
That's what I'd prefer, too.
This is IG Meera Deshmukh's only son,
Sam Deshmukh.
He is missing since the last 25 days.
Last month, during the nature camp,
he met your daughter, Anju.
We also have proof, he came here
in a yellow Hyundai Getz.
This car was recovered in the last month
from Paavelim Stone Quarry.
We came here for two reasons.
First, Anju knew Sam.
Secondly, Gaitonde saw you
driving Sam's car.
When you took the car
near Subhash Salvi's house...
I was there.
We think Sam came to your place.
But we weren't here on the 2nd.
We went to Panaji for a sermon
and got back on the third.
Vijay Salgaonkar, your game is up.
Sir, what more proof do you need?
Don't you laugh at me.
I didn't even mention
which date Sam came to your place.
But your wife...
blurted, without being asked.
-Vijay, are you laughing at us?
-No, sir.
Why should I laugh at the police?
Look at her, she is still shocked.
She doesn't know what is going on.
You've really petrified her.
I told you, earlier,
the principal called Nandini.
She said you went to the school
about a case.
You questioned Anju, too.
The school authorities panic
in such situations.
They think the case will ruin
the school's image.
So, the principal called Nandini
and told her all about it.
Even the dates. Simple.
Gaitonde saw you driving Sam's car
on Sunday, the 3rd.
You didn't answer him.
-There's no use.
-Why?
Because everyone knows
we can't stand each other.
No matter what I say
he will brand me a liar.
Forget about Gaitonde.
Tell me the truth.
If Gaitonde saw me,
either he's lying or he is mistaken.
Because on 2nd October from 8:00...
to 3rd October till 17:00.
My family and I were in Panaji.
Sir, he's lying.
I saw him that day!
What did you do from 2nd to the 3rd?
Where did you go?
-Can you give me the details?
-Of course.
On 2nd October, we took the 5:30 bus
and headed to Panaji.
-When you got back, was it raining?
-Yes, it was.
Nandini and the kids got drenched.
So, they fell sick.
-They missed school for a couple of days.
-Okay.
So, you kept the bills and tickets
just to show us, right?
Sir, whoever keeps bus tickets?
Sir, we are middle class people.
We try to save as much as we can.
We check the bills
on the last day of the month.
To find out the unnecessary expenses
and the savings.
I messed up by talking about the dates?
But you explained everything
and sent them away.
They won't come back, right?
Gaitonde, your allegations are nonsense.
I think Vijay and his family went
to Panaji.
Sir, I swear to you! It was Vijay.
Sir, let's remand him to custody.
He won't be so sharp
once he's beaten up a bit.
Anyway, inform the IG.
Sir, let's get hold of Vijay first.
What if we inform the IG later?
Did the police believe us?
I don't know, dear.
Will they come back?
Yes, they will be back.
-What is his name?
-Vijay Salgaonkar.
Are you sure he was driving Sam's car?
Ma'am, I don't remember
the license number.
But it was a yellow Hyundai Getz car.
But are you sure
Vijay Salgaonkar was driving it?
Yes, sir. Absolutely sure.
But they said they were
at Panaji on the 2nd and 3rd.
-Sir, they're lying.
-They're lying?
But what about all the proof of his trip?
He showed us hotel bills and bus tickets.
But we'll know if they are real or fake
only after we check them, sir.
If Gaitonde is right,
those bills must be forged.
That won't be too difficult to find out.
After all, he is an illiterate,
fourth grade dropout.
He can't be too smart.
Tomorrow bring Vijay, his family
and all the evidence shown by him to me.
But, on what charge can we bring them in?
Kidnapping, not murder.
Because we need a corpse to prove that.
You don't worry about protocol.
Uncle!
Mr. Rane! You're here, early!
The police took Vijay and his family in.
When did you leave for Panaji?
We took a private bus to Panaji at 5:30.
So where is that bus ticket?
His friend owns the bus,
so the conductor didn't let us pay.
When did you reach
the venue of the sermon?
At 8:30. The sermon had already begun.
I guess about 8:30.
When we arrived, the sermon had begun.
When did you reach
the venue of the sermon?
If our statements are exactly alike,
they may have doubts.
Especially when it comes to timings.
Mom and I will give the exact time.
You can skirt around it.
I don't remember the exact time,
but when we arrived the sermon had begun.
What time did the sermon begin
after you got there?
The police are going to try to ask
complicated questions.
Listen to them carefully and then answer.
The sermon began before we reached there.
But your mom and dad said
that the sermon began
after you reached the venue.
After half an hour.
They will lie about us
telling them something different.
But stick to your story at all times.
No! When we arrived,
the event had already begun.
-Martin!
-This way.
What's the matter? Where are they?
-They were taken in.
-They were?
These people aren't telling me anything!
-We want to go in.
-You're not allowed in.
-He's Vijay's father-in-law.
-I don't care!
-He's not allowed in and that's all!
-How can you stop me?
You have taken my daughter
into police custody, too!
-Come on, open the gate--
-No!
-No, get back.
-Open the gate.
-Get back!
-Open the gate!
Later we went to a restaurant to eat food.
What was the name of the hotel?
I don't remember that.
-What did you eat?
-Pav Bhaji.
-What did the others eat?
-Everyone ate Pav Bhaji.
But Anju said she ate fried rice.
No! She must have forgotten.
I remember we all ate Pav Bhaji.
Hello? Yes, it's me. Tell me.
No, that's a lie.
Who told you that?
A reporter from India TV called.
They say they have information...
we arrested a family
in connection with Sam's case.
Forget about it. I don't care, Mahesh.
What do you think?
Ma'am, this family is even tougher
than we thought.
No one changed their statements.
Specially the younger daughter, Anu.
I am surprised she stuck to her story
though she is so young!
That's spot on. Absolutely correct.
How can a child stick to her statement
so firmly?
I'm sure something is wrong, ma'am.
It's possible they are telling the truth.
So, they are sticking to their statements.
Perhaps, Gaitonde is mistaken.
One thing is certain.
They know something about Sam.
But, Meera, their statements so far--
Mahesh, they're lying.
It's a cooked-up story.
Ma'am, if they are lying,
then we can conduct a lie detector test.
Are you stupid, Gaitonde?
We can't conduct a lie detector test,
just like that!
-We need a court order for that.
-So, why can't we get court orders?
To do that, we have to prove
they are lying in the court.
So far, all the evidence we have found
proves the family wasn't there
on that weekend.
Prabhu.
They told us a story, right?
So, bring all the characters
from that story here.
Besides that...
if Vijay is lying
about the trip to Panaji,
then there is someone
who saw him here.
Of course.
A boy called Jose works in his office.
Is there any other place
which he visits regularly?
There's a hotel named Martin's Corner.
It's right in front of the police station.
Vijay comes there every day.
So, bring the office boy
and hotel manager here tomorrow.
One more thing.
When the family leaves,
they should feel we believed their story.
I was really nervous
during the interrogation.
Luckily, they believed us.
Who said they believed us?
What do you mean?
They won't let us go so easily.
They will be back.
They will be even better prepared.
Why? Vijay, what's the problem?
I am your brother-in-law.
At least, tell me.
Rajesh, every family has some secrets...
that are best kept hidden.
I am sorry. I can't tell you anything.
But I will need your help.
What do you want me to do?
I have known Vijay since he was a kid.
He's really good and decent.
I don't recall asking
whether he has a heart of gold or silver.
How many times did he visit
your hotel on the 2nd of October?
Normally he comes twice a day.
For evening tea, dinner.
Sometimes he comes over for lunch, too.
I guess he came over twice
on the 2nd, too.
No, wait!
He wasn't here on the 2nd.
He went to Panaji for a sermon.
Then, why didn't you tell us that before?
Sorry, sir.
I remembered it out of the blue.
A few days ago,
Vijay and I spoke about that.
What did he tell you about the sermon?
He told me it was a very good event.
He even told us
what Swami Chinmayanand said.
So, what did he say?
He narrated one of the Jataka fables.
It was the story of the king of Benaras...
defeating his enemy
with love and patience.
When did Vijay get back from Panaji?
-The next day.
-At what time?
I don't know that.
He didn't come to the office that day.
Did Vijay call you from Panaji?
No.
-Is Vijay Salgaonkar your friend?
-Yes, he is.
-Did he travel on your bus recently?
-Yes.
A few days ago.
-And before that?
-Before that?
Right, on the 2nd.
-Where was he going?
-To Panaji.
He was going to attend some sermon.
Are you sure
those people were at your lodge?
Are they your regular customers?
-No, sir.
-Then, how can you be sure
they were at your lodge?
I need a double room.
Eight hundred rupees plus taxes.
What are you saying?
I have stayed here, before.
You didn't charge taxes back then.
-Then you won't get any bills.
-That will do.
Listen, this lodge doesn't seem
to be good enough.
Let's go to a family hotel.
Come on, ma'am.
This is a family hotel.
Don't worry. He's been here before.
They checked the room first
and only then did they book it.
When did that happen?
I don't remember, sir.
Did they tell you why they were in Panaji?
No, I don't remember, sir.
Did you check their register?
He has two registers.
One of them has Vijay Salgaonkar's name.
There's a check in on 2nd October,
and check out at 9:30 on the 3rd.
Why do you have two registers?
Why don't you answer ma'am?
One register is for the billing customers.
The other is for customers
who don't take bills.
Do you know that's a crime?
-How can you still remember them?
-Good customers are hard to forget.
You own the hotel.
Why? What's the matter?
No, I have never eaten
such tasty Pav Bhaji.
My wife makes that at home, but...
We are famous for Pav Bhaji
in the city of Panaji.
The hotel is really clean and hygienic.
The service is excellent.
Once a hotel is famous these days...
the service tends to get tacky.
But you're not like that.
I really like that.
-Uncle, the Pav Bhaji was really good.
-Really?
What's your name, dear?
I admit you'd remember customers
who appreciate you.
But how do you remember which day
and why they came to Panaji?
They told me.
-As a businessman...
-Okay, fine!
You can wait outside.
If Vijay Salgaonkar met all these people
on 2nd and 3rd October,
how can he be in Pondolem
at the same time?
Ma'am, I don't know.
Now I am a bit confused, too.
Can I say something?
If you ask me, I believe
Vijay and his family tell the truth.
Perhaps your man is lying.
No, sir. I'm telling the truth.
It was Vijay Salgaonkar!
I will resign if I am proved wrong.
Did you speak to Swami Chinmayanand?
He was out of town.
-He may be back by now.
-Call him.
Given what you've told me,
it seems Vijay and his family...
were present at our sermon that day.
Because every sermon of mine is unique.
I never repeat it.
Perhaps someone who attended
it told Vijay later.
But it's not possible someone remembered
all those details.
Thank you, Swamiji.
Where are Dad and Anu?
This is a digital projector.
I dream of having my own theater
in Pondolem.
Very good!
All the theaters have
digital projection these days.
The costs are low
and the quality is pristine.
-My elder daughter and my wife.
-Hello.
-Do you remember when they came to you?
-On the 3rd of this month.
How do you remember the date?
He saw the first half of the film
from the projection room.
He also told me he had come
to Panaji for a sermon.
-And, he was staying in a lodge.
-Get out. Just get out!
Let's go out, go on.
Meera, come on.
Nothing will happen to Sam, okay?
Just stop worrying.
We'll find him.
Don't worry and don't lose hope.
I haven't given up, Mahesh.
But I am a mom, too.
I can't help that.
Stop crying.
Listen this.
Is this investigation taking
the right course?
Then, why can't we unearth any clues?
All the clues and witnesses seem
to be in his favor.
All the proof and witnesses are
in Vijay's favor.
But I know he's lying.
They are all lying.
The police can tell
from the way a person talks...
whether he's lying or telling the truth.
I underestimated him
by considering him uneducated.
That was a mistake.
He may be a 4th grade dropout,
but he is extremely cunning.
He is really wily.
Vijay Salgaonkar is a very good man.
I have checked his records.
He came to this village 25 years ago.
First, a tea stall, then a grocery shop,
a video library, a garage...
He worked in diverse places and grew up.
Later he started up his own business.
He's a fourth-grade dropout.
But he knows Marathi, Hindi,
English and Konkani.
He says he learnt all that
from watching films.
He does love movies.
He never misses out a single film.
-Come on, let's go!
-Wait a bit.
-What is it?
-I forget to get money for the tickets.
Is there any ATM nearby?
What is this?
I'll have to hold up the bus for you.
There's an ATM up ahead,
go ahead and hurry back.
Two minutes. Go on.
Prabhu, get me all the CCTV footage
from that ATM.
Where is it? In Panaji?
Taligaon bus stand,
five km away from Panaji.
When was the bus scheduled to leave?
At 15:00 in the afternoon.
I want the CCTV footage for the ATM
for 3rd October,
from 14:30 to 15:30 right now.
Sawant!
You meet thousands of passengers
every day.
Yes.
Let's say, you remember
the family due to the ATM.
But when did the family go to Panaji?
Why were they there?
-It's impossible to remember all of that.
-He told you something 25 days ago.
How do you still remember it?
I don't remember. He told me.
Yes, but you were told 25 days ago.
-How can you still--
-No, I...
-What do you mean?
-I mean...
he told me that,
when we met again recently.
-Again?
-Yes.
When?
A few days ago.
Where?
Where did you meet him?
-Uncle!
-Oh, how are you?
-How come you're here?
-Vijay, don't you remember him?
We came here for Chinmayanand's sermon
on 2nd October.
When we were going back the next day,
he was the conductor on our bus.
You went to withdraw cash at the ATM.
Oh, right! On the 2nd, after the sermon
we went back on the bus on the 3rd.
-You were the conductor on that bus.
-Right.
You forget everything!
-Sorry.
-That's okay.
-See you later.
-Okay.
-Mr. Vasu, has the show begun?
-It's you!
No, there's still time.
Where is your family?
-No, I am alone today.
-Okay.
There was a sermon on the 2nd, right?
That's why the family was with me.
We went shopping on the 3rd
and then came for a movie.
After that, we ate at the hotel
and then went back home.
Imagine how expensive that can be.
Dinkar.
We went to the sermon at Panaji
on the 2nd on your bus.
You didn't accept any money from me.
But that won't happen today.
-Let me buy the tickets today.
-Don't do that!
Why don't you tell him?
She won't say anything to me!
Here, give me tickets.
You've come after a while, sir.
No, we were here on the 2nd
for the sermon at Panaji.
We visited exactly a day after the sermon.
-On 3rd October.
-Right.
Three weeks?
I told you
I'm going to Panaji for the sermon.
I told you to pay this
the day after I got back.
-Yes.
-When did I go to Panaji?
Well...
On Saturday, the 2nd of October.
-Yes.
-When did I go?
On Saturday, the 2nd of October.
When did I get back?
On Sunday the 3rd of October!
Yes, you got back on Sunday,
3rd October.
The next day on 4th October, a Monday,
I told you to pay this.
-Yes.
-Go and pay it!
The other king was reformed
by his example.
The moral of this story is
we must cultivate...
the power to forgive others.
But how did you hear that story?
I told you we went to Panaji...
to attend Swami Chinmayanand's sermon.
-When?
-Did you forget it yet?
We went on the 2nd,
it was a Saturday.
And we got back on the 3rd.
That's where I heard this story.
Ma'am, Swami Chinmayanand.
-Yes, Swamiji.
-My followers record my sermons.
They are provided to the devotees
via DVDs.
The devotees can make bookings.
They can pick them up from the ashram
within two weeks.
I have seen the booking list
for the sermon on the 2nd.
But Vijay's name doesn't feature in it.
All right, thank you so much.
Possibly he booked it under another name.
It's possible.
But it doesn't prove he wasn't
in Panaji on the 2nd and 3rd.
Ma'am, the CCTV footage
for the ICICI Bank.
Vijay was telling the truth.
We have wasted so much time!
It may have been better
to try to find Sam instead.
-But I really...
-Gaitonde.
But what more proof do you want now?
Meera, our investigation hinges
on the fact,
whether Vijay was in Panaji
on the 2nd and 3rd, or not?
The CCTV proves
Vijay was in Panaji on the 3rd.
Vijay was in Panaji on the 3rd, too!
Mahesh, he knew we were going
to watch this CCTV footage.
In fact, he wanted us to see it.
That was part of his plan, Mahesh.
It was an amazing plan.
-At about 8:30.
-The sermon had started by then.
Vijay wasn't here on the 2nd.
He saw the entire first half of the film
in the projection room.
No one forgets about good customers.
He told me about that recently again
when we met.
We had come to Panaji
for a sermon on the 2nd.
The 2nd and 3rd of October.
-What do you mean?
-What do we usually remember?
Something we have seen for ourselves.
Visuals.
Something we see
can't be easily forgotten.
For example, cinema.
The stories you are watching are not real.
But you still believe in them.
Because you have seen the story
and lived it in a way.
In the same way,
Vijay and his family not only concocted
the story about Panaji...
in fact, they lived it out.
They actually went to Panaji.
They stayed at a lodge.
They did eat the Pav Bhaji.
He sat in the projection room
and watched the film.
So, they stuck to their statements,
during the interrogation.
Because they were telling the truth.
Apart from one little detail.
What was that?
They didn't do all that
on the 2nd and 3rd of October.
They did that some other day.
Perhaps the next day.
Vijay said it was raining on the way back
they were drenched.
And his family fell sick.
He also said his kids missed school
for a few days.
He showed us the medical bills, too.
You can get fake medical bills
very easily, Sawant.
Anyway, he's been throwing bills at us
from the word go.
But there is an entry
in the lodge register for the 2nd.
The bus and film tickets
for the 3rd are authentic, right?
Very well played, fourth grade dropout,
Vijay Salgaonkar.
But I know how you did that.
Vijay went to Panaji on 3rd October
in Sam's car.
He took a take away from a restaurant.
Then he probably bought a used phone.
He put Sam's SIM card into it.
Then he dumped the phone
into a truck with a national permit.
Then he probably dumped Sam's car
into the lake at the quarry.
Then he went back to a restaurant
and bought four Pav Bhaji takeouts.
He purchased four tickets
to the cinema on that day.
Then he went to Taligaon bus stand
and withdrew the money
from the ATM at 15:00.
Then he took a Kadamba bus...
bought four tickets
and got back to Pondolem.
He went to his office at night.
He told Jose he was going
for the sermon the next day.
The next morning he took his family
and travelled by Dinkar's private bus
to Panaji.
Vijay told him he was going to Panaji
for the sermon.
On reaching Panaji,
he may have reached the hermitage at 9:00.
Then they spent the whole day
at the ashram.
Meanwhile, he found out
about the DVDs for the sermon.
He booked it under an assumed name.
They arrived at Rishabh Lodge
in the evening.
Then, I guess,
while the manager gave Nandini the tour,
Vijay filled his name
in the entries for the 2nd.
When the manager returned,
he disguised his handwriting
and took the room
under an assumed name.
They ate out at night.
The next day, they ordered food
from the same restaurant
where he bought the takeaways
on the 3rd.
After checking out of the lodge,
he took his family to the hotel
where he had ordered
four Pav Bhaji takeaways.
Again, they ate pav bhaji there.
They made friends with the owner
while paying the bill.
Then they watched a film.
They got acquainted
with the projectionist.
Later, while withdrawing money
from the ATM at the bus stand,
Vijay got off the bus.
But he didn't enter the ATM.
They made friends with the conductor
on the Kadamba bus.
They got back home
and, a few days later,
Vijay watched the sermon with his family.
Then he destroyed all the bills
for the fifth.
He showed us bills for the 3rd.
A few days later he went back to Panaji
with his family.
He met everyone, once again.
Then, he very cleverly,
talked to them and implied...
he and his family went to Panaji
on the 2nd for a sermon.
He got back on the evening
of 3rd October.
So, they all didn't realize
they were giving false testimonies.
They kept thinking
they were telling the truth.
So, Vijay Salgaonkar...
mocked the entire police department.
And despite knowing about all of that,
we have no proof or evidence against him.
All we have is a theory.
Without proof or witnesses...
a confession is the greatest evidence.
What do you mean?
-Where are you taking me?
-Come on!
-Let him go!
-Don't shout!
-Come on.
-Let me go, sir.
-Get in.
-Take them all away!
-Get in, come on!
How can they take them away?
Let us go!
I will need your help.
-What do you want me to do?
-If the police take us again...
just call these people.
Where is my son?
I don't know.
We weren't at home.
Do you think the police are fools?
We have figured out your plan, Vijay.
It's no use lying now.
We know you weren't in Panaji
on the 2nd or 3rd.
You were there on the 4th and the 5th.
You didn't attend any sermon.
Why did my son come to meet you?
What happened with the two of you?
I never met Sam after the camp, really.
Listen to me.
I've had enough of your stories.
It's over!
You better tell me the truth.
Or we have other ways to do this.
I'm telling the truth,
I don't know anything.
You know how I feel, don't you?
After all, you are a mom.
Tell me the truth.
My son came to meet your daughter
and vanished.
What happened with them?
We have already told the truth.
Gaitonde!
Tell me, what's the truth?
Tell me! Tell me, what is it?
-Please, don't!
-Get back!
Speak up!
Tell me!
Let's see how much you can take.
Tell me! Where is Sam?
Tell me!
-Tell me!
-Don't hit him.
What the heck!
Tell me!
You better tell me.
Please, tell him to stop.
Speak up!
Please!
Gaitonde!
Wait.
Wait here. You'll know soon enough.
Where is my son?
-Speak up!
-Come on!
Come on, speak up!
Tell me!
Tell me where her son is!
Tell her, where is Sam?
-Tell her!
-Speak up!
Tell her!
He came to meet you, right?
-Tell us where is Sam?
-Go on!
-Speak up!
-Mom!
Tell us, where is Sam?
Alex is here.
-Send him in.
-Tell us!
-Tell us, where is Sam?
-Meera, tell them to stop, please.
-Alex is here.
-Speak up!
-Tell us, where is Sam?
-Okay, stop it!
Come with me.
-You...
-Gaitonde, stop it!
Get back.
Vijay, tell me what you know.
Do you people enjoy getting bashed up?
I'm telling the truth.
I don't know anything.
Do you know this girl?
No, Aunt.
Alex, Sam was with you
at the nature camp.
Sam is missing for 26 days.
You know that.
I'm sure she is connected
to his disappearance.
So, please, if you have any information...
do tell us right now.
Uncle, I don't know anything.
You called Sam on the day he vanished.
Correct?
But you refused to admit to it
the other day.
Are you going to tell me,
or should I tell them?
Aunt, I spoke to him,
but he didn't tell me where he was.
How is she connected to Sam?
Tell me, or I am going to slap you.
I'll tell you.
Stay here.
Hey, bro! Send this to me.
Sorry, not yet.
-Why? Send it!
-Not now.
First, I should make use of this.
Ma'am, there is a huge crowd outside.
The media is asking for you.
Tell them to get lost!
Don't let them get in!
Call for reinforcements, if needed.
Now what?
What do we do?
We'll end this.
Go out everyone.
Gaitonde, you stay here.
I found out about the video clip.
Where is Sam?
We don't know, ma'am.
I'm telling the truth.
Gaitonde, I want the truth.
Do whatever it takes.
You darn, where is Sam?
Tell me, where is Sam?
You tell me!
-Tell me, where is Sam?
-No!
-Where is Sam?
-Mom!
Tell me! Don't you know?
You must know!
Tell me, what did you do to Sam?
-I don't know.
-You don't know?
Tell me!
Are you obstructing a police officer?
Are you holding the police back?
You, get lost!
Are you going to talk?
Tell me, where is Sam?
-I don't know, sir.
-You don't know?
You don't know?
Listen, I'm going to kill all of you.
Tell me.
-Won't you tell me?
-I don't know!
You don't know?
-Tell me.
-No, Mom!
Meera, stop him. Please.
Tell me. Where is Sam?
-I don't know.
-You don't know?
Look. If I hit them a bit more...
your mom, dad and sister will die.
If you don't want to tell the truth.
-No...
-Tell us.
Tell me.
Listen, I'm going to kill them all.
Will that do?
Tell me, are you okay with that?
Gaitonde.
She won't speak before the parents.
Send them away.
Yes, ma'am.
If you know anything about Sam, tell us!
Where is Anu?
-My daughter is in there.
-Wait.
-My daughter is in there...
-You can't go in.
-My daughter is in there!
-Wait.
-Did he come to your house?
-I don't know, Uncle.
I want to go to my parents.
Be honest then,
I will take you to your parents.
You better be honest,
or I am going to get upset.
When I get angry...
you know what I can do.
Tell me the truth
or I am going to kill you!
We should tell them the truth.
Gaitonde is a monster.
What if something happens to Anu?
I am really scared now.
I am going to confess.
-Then, everything will be fine, right?
-No, Nandini.
Why did we suffer so much?
Why did we take the beatings?
So we could give in?
I promised you,
none of you will go to prison.
I will keep my promise.
Don't worry about Anu.
She's a brave girl.
-Tell me, what is the truth?
-Uncle, I don't know!
I want to go to my mom and dad!
Meera, this is it.
Just stop him! Enough is enough!
What we're doing here is illegal!
What about my son?
Who is going to look for him?
We have to look for him,
but this is not the way!
Who does this?
At least, have mercy on that child.
What are you doing to her?
And what's going to happen after all this?
Did anyone tell you anything?
I tell you after all this,
if we find out this family is innocent,
we will really regret it.
I mean, just consider for a moment,
what if Gaitonde is mistaken?
Tell me the truth!
-Tell me!
-Gaitonde! No!
Don't hit me!
I will tell you.
-Where are you taking my daughter?
-Your daughter is taking us.
Where you buried the boy.
Your game is up, Vijay. All done.
Your next family trip is going to be
in prison.
Hey, get them all into the jeep.
Get back! Come on.
All right, let's go.
Come on, get back.
Get back. Come on, let's go.
-Wait!
-Come on.
Let us go in.
He's our son.
No one is allowed to meet the accused.
Accused? What has he done?
-Wait. You'll find out.
-Ma'am, Gaitonde did this.
Vijay stood up to him.
Gaitonde wants revenge.
Uncle, what's going on here?
We don't know yet.
They won't even tell us anything.
That's my daughter and son-in-law.
The police remanded them
without any call, a few days back.
-They were interrogated.
-Interrogated? About what?
The IG's son is missing.
It's about him.
-Who are you?
-This is my son.
We all know Vijay and his family.
They are good people.
They are being framed here.
Gaitonde, the man next to Mr. Prabhu,
has been responsible for this!
Meera!
Anu!
Sorry, Dad. I was scared.
That's why I told them.
That's okay, dear.
-He hit you?
-Yes.
Don't be scared. I'm with you.
Meera, please.
Rajesh, Gaitonde hit us.
He hit our baby Anu!
We are innocent
and still we were thrashed in the room.
Gaitonde did it!
Wait, Gaitonde!
-What the heck! You...
-He hit my daughter.
-Don't touch him, okay?
-Who are you? Get lost.
You hit a little girl! Hit him!
-He hit a little girl!
-Sawant!
Hit him!
-He hit Anu!
-Ma'am. Sir.
-Hit him!
-Meera, come, let's go.
Hit him! He hit a little girl!
-Don't you dare touch the child!
-Hit him!
He hit a little girl!
In the case of the missing Sam Deshmukh,
son of the Goa IG,
the police has brutally tortured
Vijay Salgaonkar and his family
despite their innocence.
There is hostility all over against them.
After this incident, the Pondolem police
SI Gaitonde has been suspended.
Orders have been sent out
for further investigation.
Senior PI Prabhu
and the officers on this case
have all been transferred out at once.
The DGP has sent IG Meera Deshmukh,
on an indefinite leave.
In its verdict on a PIL,
the court has decreed
that if the police want to interrogate
Vijay Salgaonkar or his family,
they need court orders to do so.
Vijay!
Vijay, don't you think...
their lives are completely ruined?
Anyway, it wasn't her fault.
She was an IG and a mother.
I feel as if we did the crime
and she paid for it.
It's good of you to feel that way.
But if it were Anju instead of Sam...
and vice versa...
wouldn't IG Meera try to save her son?
Of course, she would.
There's nothing wrong or right about this.
A person can't live without his family.
He can go to any extent for his family.
The world may call him
self-serving or selfish.
I guess, it's best to forget about this.
Vijay, when did you get
the corpse out of the pit?
After I got back from disposing Sam's car.
On Sunday night.
Where did you bury it?
I have kept that secret safe in my heart.
That is best for all of us.
I will take it with me when I die.
Did you hope that Anu...
would bear it all without giving in
till the end?
No.
The three of you couldn't keep it together
for so long.
Anu could have spoken up earlier.
Poor Anu.
You've suffered a lot because of me.
Dad, the police is here.
Why are you here?
Are you back to harass them?
-We just want to talk to Vijay.
-Do you have a court order?
-What's up, Vijay?
-It's okay, you leave.
I'm going to change and be with you.
We are not here...
as the IG, the police or a businessman.
We are here as parents.
We had given up hope of being parents.
But then we suddenly had a son.
Our only son.
I guess, that's why
we pampered him so much...
we are regretting it today.
Vijay, when we thought
about it we realized...
whatever our son has experienced
or not...
is perhaps our own fault.
We pampered him no end and ruined him.
That's why we wanted to meet you, too.
Inadvertently...
we have harassed you
and your family a lot.
We are sorry.
We are really sorry.
We are leaving the country.
To London, to live with her brother.
But, before we leave, Vijay...
just tell us what happened to Sam?
Whenever there is a call
we think it's Sam.
When the doorbell rings,
it feels like he's there.
We can't bear the suspense.
We can't live like this.
Just tell us, should we...
wait for him?
Or...
That's all.
No, Meera.
It's not your fault.
Why would you trust us?
Meera, let's go!
We are sorry, too.
I wish I was as generous as you.
But I am merely a fourth-grade dropout.
I have a wife.
I have two daughters.
And that's the extent of my world.
I have never thought beyond that.
One day, my world...
saw an unwanted guest enter.
He wanted to...
disrupt our world.
We tried to stop him.
We begged him.
But he didn't listen.
Then, somehow...
a tragedy occurs.
We send the unwanted guest...
to a place
from where there is no coming back.
We have given you
the greatest anguish in the world.
I tried to say sorry many times.
I did so in my heart.
What else could we do?
My family is most important to me.
I could do anything for them.
I could go to any extent.
At that moment,
I lose sight of right or wrong.
We are sorry.
Listen to me. Sir has called you.
Sir, I'm going to keep my bags
in the quarters.
Sir, this is Vijay Salgaonkar.
I know.
I have seen you on the TV.
Here you are. Sign that.
You must be feeling really proud.
You have fooled the police and all that.
You just wait.
Once the corpse is found,
then we shall see.
I'm going to be here
for a couple of years.
I am going to find it.
No, sir.
Who am I to fool the police?
I respect the police.
-I think the police protects us.
-Right.
I believe...
you and your police station...
will always protect us.
I'll leave now.
The slab has been laid
at the police station.
The flooring will be laid on Monday.